---
title: privacy policy
date: 2022-03-31 13:39:26
---
# Privacy Policy
This application respects and protects the privacy rights of all users of the service. In order to provide you with a more accurate and personalized service, this application will use and disclose your personal information in accordance with the provisions of this privacy policy. But the application would have treated this information with a high degree of diligence and discretion. Unless otherwise stated in this privacy policy, the application will not disclose or make available this information to third parties without your prior permission. This application will update this privacy policy from time to time. By agreeing to this agreement, you are agreeing to this privacy policy in its entirety. This privacy policy is an integral part of this application service usage agreement.

## 1. Scope of application
When you register for this application, the personal registration information you provide according to the requirements of this application; when you use this application network service, or visit the web page of this application platform, this application automatically receives and records information from your browser and computer, includes, but is not limited to, your IP address, browser type, language used, date and time of access, hardware and software features, and the web page records you require The application obtains the user's personal data from a business partner through legal means. You understand and agree that the following information is not subject to this privacy policy:

Keyword information you enter when using the search service provided by this application platform; relevant information and data collected by this application that you publish in this application, including but not limited to participation activities, transaction information and evaluation details;
Violation of legal provisions or of the rules of this application and the measures that this application has taken against you.

## 2. Information usage
This application will not provide, sell, rent, share or trade your personal information to any third party without your prior permission, or the third party and the application (including the company associated with the application) provide a service to you individually or jointly, and after the service ends, it will be prohibited from accessing all of this data, including the data it previously had access to. This application also does not allow any third party to collect, edit, sell or distribute your personal information for free by any means. Any user of this application platform who engages in the above activities shall have the right to terminate the service agreement with that user upon discovery.
For the purposes of serving users, this application may provide you with information of interest to you by using your personal information, including but not limited to sending you product and service information, or share information with your application partners so they can send you information about their products and services (which requires your prior consent) .

## 3. Disclosure
The application will disclose all or part of your personal information if you so wish or if required by law:

Disclosure to a third party with your prior consent, sharing your personal information with a third party in order to provide the products and services you require, or pursuant to the relevant provisions of the law, or at the request of an administrative or judicial body, disclosure to a third party or an administrative or judicial organ; disclosure to a third party if you violate relevant Chinese laws, regulations or this application service agreement or relevant rules; If you are a qualified intellectual property complainant and have filed a complaint, you should be required by the respondent to disclose it to the respondent so that both parties can settle a possible rights dispute; in a transaction created on this application, if either party to the transaction performs or partially performs its obligations in the transaction and makes a request for information disclosure, the application shall have the right to decide to provide the user with such necessary information as the contact information of the other party to the transaction, to facilitate the completion of a transaction or the resolution of a dispute. Other disclosures that should be considered appropriate by law, regulations, or website policy.

## 4. Information storage and exchange
Information about you collected by this application will be stored on the servers of this application and/or its associated companies, this information and data may be transmitted to your country, region or outside the country where the application is being collected and may be accessed, stored and displayed outside the country.

## 5. Cookie usage
In the event that you do not reject cookies, the app will set or access cookies on your computer so that you can log in or use the app's platform services or features that rely on cookies. This application uses cookies to provide you with more thoughtful personalized services, including promotional services. You have the option to accept or reject cookies. You can deny cookies by modifying your browser settings. But if you choose not to accept cookies, you may not be able to log in or use the web services or features of your application that rely on cookies.
This policy applies to information obtained through cookies set by this application.

## 6.  Information Security
This application account has the security protection function, please take care of your user name and password information. This application will ensure that your information is not lost, abused or altered by encrypting the user's password and other security measures. In spite of the security measures mentioned above, please also note that there is no "perfect security measures" on the information network. When using this application web service to conduct online transactions, you will inevitably have to disclose your personal information, such as contact information or postal address, to the counterparty or potential counterparty. Please protect your personal information and provide it to others only if necessary. If you find that your personal information has been leaked, especially the user name and password of this application, please contact our customer service immediately so that this application can take appropriate measures.

## 7. Third-party services
1. Our products integrate Alliance +SDK. Alliance +SDK needs to collect your device Mac address, unique device identifier (IMEI/android ID/IDFA/OPENUDID/IP address /GUID, SIM card IMSI information) to provide statistical analysis services. And through the geographical location calibration report data accuracy, provide basic anti-cheating ability. Au privacy policy at https://www.umeng.com/page/policy
2. Our products are integrated with AppCenter. The Mac address and unique device identification code (IMEI/android ID/IDFA/OPENUDID/IP address /GUID, SIM card IMSI information) of your mobile phone are required to provide statistical analysis services and to calibrate the data accuracy of the report by geographical location to provide basic anti-cheating ability.   